This example shows how to use pw.x to model two-dimensional periodic systems
in contact with a continuum solvent. 

The calculation is a single SCF calculation of a (unrealistic) two-layer thick 
Pt (111) slab with a CO molecule adsorbed on atop position (thanks to Ismaila 
Dabo for the starting input of the system in vacuum). The solvent is treated
as a continuum dielectric according to the Self-consistent Continuum Solvation
(SCCS) model of O. Andreussi, I. Dabo and N. Marzari, J. Chem. Phys. 136, 
064102 (2012). 

The artifacts due to the periodic boundary conditions are removed using a 
real-space quadratic correction of the electrostatic potential, analogous 
to the Point Counter-Charge (PCC) correction scheme (see I. Dabo et al. Phys. 
Rev. B 77, 115139 (2008)). 

The method has been coupled to the SCCS model in order to remove periodic 
boundary conditions in simulations of partially periodic systems in the 
presence of a continuum solvent, as described by O. Andreussi and N. marzari
Phys. Rev. B 90 245101 (2014).

Note that the keyword solvent_mode='full' is mandatory in this calculation, in 
order to remove the artifact of the Pt valence density, which presents a hole
close to the position of ion, due to the missing core electrons. In order to
avoid the continuum solvent to enter such a hole, a quickly vanishing gaussian
density is added at the position of the nuclei when defining the dielectric. 
The same problem is likely to occur in alogens and other transition metals. 

From ENVIRON version 1.0 the Fermi energy shift that arises from the gaussian
nuclei smearing together with the parabolic pbc correction is printed as a
separate contribution that needs to be added to the standard Fermi energy
from pw.x.

A rough explanation of the different keywords of the solvation model is inside 
the run_example.sh file.
